netdata: fix build without cloud support (#258801)
NixOS/nixpkgs: nixos/doc/manual/release-notes/rl-2311.section.md

- Suricata was upgraded from 6.0 to 7.0 and no longer considers HTTP/2 support as experimental, see [upstream release notes](https://forum.suricata.io/t/suricata-7-0-0-released/3715) for more details.

> - Cloud support is disabled by default in `netdata` package. To enable Cloud support need use `netdataCloud` package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Cloud support in the `netdata` package is now disabled by default. To enable it use the `netdataCloud` package.
```

Author: Thanks, fixed.
